Okay, there's no sound.  No sound.  Hmm. 嗯。 Oh, maybe we have to replay because there's no sound. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm.  Hmm.  Hmm. There's still no sound, Milka.  I think you'll have to play the. Hmm.  Hmm. There's no sound, right? Hmm. Welcome, everyone.  Apologies for that technical difficulty.  I know that we were playing the launch video.  Unfortunately, there was no sound, but I guarantee you that's on social media.  So please visit the International People's Assembly.  You can see that video with all the sound that we want.  But my name is Tings Chak.  I'm the Asia co-coordinator of Tricontinental Institute for Social Research, and it's really my honor to chair today's webinar.  Today's event is co-hosted not only by the Tricontinental Asia, but also the International People's Assembly.  And we're gathered on a very important day, April the 30th, which is the anniversary of the liberation of Vietnam.  And 51 years ago today, we saw the images of a tank crashing through the gates of the Independence Palace of Saigon, ending three decades of war.  Vietnam had defeated, and the Vietnamese people had defeated the most powerful military in the world. And that victory, of course, did not come easy.  It came at a cost of over three million Vietnamese lives and the devastation of an entire region. But it did prove something that we still carry with us today, and that's the organized struggle of a people can prevail against even the mightiest of empire.  And so we are launching this webinar today on this anniversary because the threat that the Vietnamese people fought against has not gone away.  Today the United States under its hyperimperialist phase maintains an arc of military infrastructure stretching from Japan to South Korea and to the Philippines, Guam, Australia, to Diego Garcia and the Gulf States.  And Japan, we've seen, has doubled its military budget recently and purchased over 400 U.  S.  Tomahawk missiles in the largest remilitarization since the end of the world anti-fascist war in 1945.  In Taiwan, we've seen the U.  S.  Sell over $20 billion worth of arms since 2019. And of course, this illegal Israel and U. S.  war on Iran has proven in blood that for the neighboring countries, Gulf countries, the U. S.  military presence does not mean protection for any of the peoples in the region, and that having a U. S.  base is not a shield, but in fact a target.  And of course, we're seeing also in West Asia the U. S.- backed genocide in Gaza well into its third year. But it's important to remember that the peoples of Asia, we have not stayed silent, and we have a deep and long tradition of resisting militarism.  In 1952, during the Korean War, over 470 delegates from nearly 50 countries actually gathered here in Beijing to demand an end to U.  S.  Bases and the rearmament of Japan.  In Okinawa, we've seen farmers, women resisting literally bayonets and bulldozers against U.  S.  Land seizures since the 1950s.  The Pacific Islanders built the nuclear-free and independent Pacific movement that linked the struggle against nuclear contamination to the demand for national sovereignty.  And of course, in the Philippines, in the 1990s, there was an important struggle to vote against and kick out the U.  S.  Military bases, and of course a process that is now being reversed as new bases are operating and being built in the Philippines.  So today this webinar. Hosted as I said by the International People's Assembly or the IPA as it launches its Hands Off Asia campaign, an international campaign that calls for the removal of US and NATO military bases from Asia, for an end to these aggressive military pacts in our region, and ultimately for respect of the sovereignty of the Asian peoples and nations. And we have an extraordinary all-women panel joining us across this region today, because we know that women have been at the heart and at the forefront of the struggle against war and militarism in our region's history.  We have the history of the Women's International Democratic Federation.  We have, you know, the Soong Ching-ling, who chaired that 1952 Asia-Pacific Peace Conference.  We have the women and mothers of Okinawa.  We have women basically leading the struggle really across the 20th century and beyond.  So without further ado, I'm going to introduce our first speaker.  We have six speakers today, and each will have 10 minutes, and then we can engage in some question and answers. So first, of course, we begin today in Vietnam on this anniversary.  Our first speaker is Luna Nguyen, a translator and Marxist-Leninist content creator based in Vietnam, and known to many of you through her YouTube channel Luna Oi.  And she brings the perspective of a young Vietnamese voice caring for this legacy of liberation struggle in today's moment.  And so she'll speak about the liberation struggle in Vietnam and its lessons today for the anti-war movement.  So please go ahead, Luna. Thank you so much.  Hi everyone, I am Luna, a Max's learner, translator, and a content creator from Vietnam.  It is an honor for me to be here today, right on our very special day of the, you know, of the celebration of the liberation of Vietnam and the reunification of our people too.  So yeah, let me start my speech today. Okay.  51 years ago on this day, April 30, 1975, marked the great victory of Vietnam's communist forces in the resistance war against the imperialist USA.  From 1965 to 1972, the USA sent nearly 3 million troops to Vietnam.  At the end of the war, over 2 million Vietnamese civilians and over 1 million of Vietnamese soldiers had died in the conflict.  The brutality and inhumanity of the United States against the people of Vietnam is legendary, and we still suffer the consequences to this day.  There are over 4 million Agent Orange victims in Vietnam, Laos, and Cambodia, a crime which the USA has still never apologized for.  The United States has not only built a sprawling network of military bases which span the globe through military invasion and armed conflict.  It has primarily built up these military bases through soft power. And economic pressure and diplomatic manipulation.  And Vietnam today is threatened far more by the soft power of the Western empire than by threat of military invasion.  This year, the Communist Party of Vietnam officially declared that foreign diplomacy is equally as important as military defense for our national security.  We all know too well that USA and its allies and puppets do not need to shoot a gun or launch missiles to interfere with a sovereign nation.  Just as effective as bullets and bombs are tariffs and sanctions and fomenting unrest through clandestine color revolution activity.  Even though the war ended in 1975, the struggle against US imperialism continues to this day.  Right after the war, the United States imposed severe sanctions on Vietnam, and we became economically isolated, especially as the Soviet Union began to weaken and eventually collapsed. At that time, Vietnam was devastated by the war.  Our civil infrastructure and industry had been bombed into nonexistence, and we could not trade with most other nations.  By the late 1980s, Vietnam was on the verge of nationwide famine.  Millions of lives were at stake, and our only strong allies, the USSR, was no longer in a position to help.  For all these reasons, in 1986, Vietnam. Vietnam developed the program of Đổi Mới, which means renovation.  In order to secure money from the IMF, Vietnam allowed privatization and the development of a market economy.  It was during this time that the US stepped up economic intervention and sabotage against Vietnam, and this has been the primary weapon which Western imperialism has leveled against my people ever since, to this day.  In order to normalize relations with the USA, Vietnam had to agree to pay off the huge load of debt which had been accrued by the fascist puppet regime which had occupied the south of Vietnam until 1975.  We had to pay millions of dollars to the United States to compensate them for the very money and weapons which were used to massacre Vietnamese civilians during the war.  Vietnam had no choice but to accept the terms of the empire. We had to agree to pay 145 million US dollars to the USA.  It took us over 20 years to pay off that debt.  So Vietnam was paying an unjust war debt to the USA until just seven years ago. I hope that this gives you some idea of the kinds of gangster tactics the United States uses against Vietnam.  And this is only one of the countless other examples.  In addition to such economic attacks, the US has also been building up its soft power to sabotage Vietnam politically. The USA spent billions of dollars both openly and covertly to back NGOs and news outlets such as USAID, Human Rights Watch, Radio Free Asia, Voice of America, and so on, to spread misinformation about Vietnam and stir up counter-revolution inside Vietnam. Vietnam is hardly the only nation to suffer from such political intervention.  We all know the trend of color revolutions in Asia and Eastern Europe in the 2010s, such as the Arab Spring and Maidan.  These interventions completely changed the political economies of the affected nations, and in many cases leading to social collapse and devastation.  The USA would love nothing more than for the socialist government of Vietnam to collapse.  And so, from 2014 to 2019, the USA braucely backed protests and political sabotage campaigns all across Vietnam.  Luckily, despite the hardship and chaos they bring about, all of these color revolution attempts have so far been defeated by the solidarity between the people of Vietnam and our socialist government. Vietnam has had to be resilient and creative in responding to decades of economic warfare and constant schemes and sabotage attempts from the West, especially from the USA.  United States imperialism is not just about invasions and war through military force.  Economic and political might are also major coercive instruments of the USA, and they can be every bit as destructive as tanks and aircraft carriers.  Because we are constantly under attack, both. Both politically and economically, Vietnam cannot afford to be dragged into conflict with any other country.  In many ways, we are still recovering from the devastation of the war and comprehensive embargoes.  So it is vital that we spend our limited resources in helping our people and developing our economy. This need for stability and peace has led to the development of a comprehensive package of diplomatic strategies and policies, which we have been refining since the 1990s, in order to protect our hard-won independence and maintain our friendship with as many nations as possible. Taken together, these diplomatic positions are known as Vietnam's Four No's policy.  Here are our Four No's.  Number one, no military alliance with any countries.  Number two, no alignment with one country against another country.  Number three, no permission for any country to put military bases in our territory.  And number four, no use of force or threatening to use force in international relations. Now let's talk about number one.  Now let's.  Vietnam does not join any military alliance with any countries.  Vietnam has had enough war.  We all know better than we know better than most nations how destructive and horrible war is, and we will do everything we can to avoid getting dragged into another one. Number two, Vietnam does not align with any countries against other countries.  The reason for this is very simple.  Vietnam does not want to become a puppet of any country, and we also do not want to bully any country.  Vietnam surely wants to be a friend to every nation on earth as much as possible.  Number three, and also the most relevant to today's topic, Vietnam. Vietnam does not allow any countries to put military bases in our territory.  This means that Vietnam does not accept foreign military bases on our territory, and we don't allow any country to use part of our territory to wage war against other countries.  Modern history, especially the US aggression against Iran, clearly shows that if. If there are foreign military bases on our territory, it is easy to turn our country into the target of hostile forces, or will at least make it difficult for our country to avoid being drawn into conflicts and wars between countries.  Not only that, military bases can become headquarters for intelligence operations, which are used to destabilize and infiltrate nations.  The fact is, the US has been begging us to allow them to put military bases in Vietnam for years, especially naval bases on our coastline, but our answer is always no. Number four, Vietnam does not use force or threaten to use force in international relations.  Vietnam does not speak with violence.  We only use negotiation and communication to solve conflicts of interest.  But to be clear, this principle does not contradict the purpose of modernizing the military or the primary mission of the Vietnamese armed forces, which is to defend the country, including by using force when necessary. If you look at the international situation of Asia, it's easy to see that a lot of conflict between our nations has been stoked by the West over the course of the last century.  Of course, war and conflict are not new to Asia, and some of our nations have had tensions and conflict since long before the USA was ever even been founded.  But it is undeniable that the USA has leveraged such existing conflicts and manufactured new ones to keep Asian nations at each other's throats, instead of working together to build a stronger and more peaceful region. Vietnam is one of the few nations in Asia that has managed, for the most part, to avoid conflict with our neighbors until back to the 1990s.  Certainly, things are not perfect, but I believe that for the most part, our four nos policies has been a resounding success.  And I believe that is a formula that can be easily adopted in any nation without too much modification. Wherever you are in Asia, whichever nation and culture you come from, I hope you will take the time to study Vietnam's Four Nos policy and consider advocating that your own nation develop a similar program.  Every nation in Asia should come together to push the United States military and intelligence apparatus out of our region.  We must not allow ourselves to be further divided and weaponized against one another for the benefit of the empire.  Hands off Asia.  Sorry. Solidarity.  Thank you so much for having me.  Thank you so much, Luna.  I think that was a really insightful presentation, also looking at this four nose policy as a key means of Vietnam's protection of its national sovereignty, learned from a history of liberation and war as well.  And I think now we're going to turn from, you know, the anniversary of that liberation into a war that is actually being waged right now in West Asia.  And our next speaker is Setareh Sadeqi, who is an assistant professor at the University of Tehran's Faculty of World Studies.  She's speaking to us from there, and she's going to bring an analysis, of course, from a country that is under siege right now.  And she'll be talking about the illegal US-Israeli war on Iran and the Iranian people, and also the reality of US bases in the region that have not actually provided security for the peoples of West Asia.  So please go ahead. 对。 Hello everyone.  Thank you, Tings, and thank you, everyone.  I'm very honored and very happy to share this panel with the distinguished scholars from Asia and from across the world.  And I'm going to talk to you, as Tings has also mentioned, about the myth of US bases as shields.  Right now I'm talking to you from Isfahan, the third largest city in Iran, and also the second. Um, city most impacted by the current war.  Um, it's been just a couple of weeks ever since the ceasefire started, that we have got a break from the fighter jets flying over us and hearing explosions.  Um, you know, during days and nights, and of course, um, anxiously wondering if our loved ones are okay.  Um. So the title of my presentation is the U.  S.  Is really imperialist aggression on Iran and the myth of U.  S.  Bases as shield.  As all of you probably know, Iran came under attack from all these military or occupation bases or U.  S.  Military facilities and assets in the region hosted by the family monarchies around the Persian Gulf, namely UAE, Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar and Saudi Arabia have provided their airspace and their lands to U.  S.  Assets and military facilities in the region.  They are spending billions of dollars in. Buying, so-called defense systems from the United States, wishfully thinking that it would protect them against any potential attacks.  The way. This has worked so far has been because the US has always tried to divide and conquer by portraying Iran not only to the world and to its people but also to. The Persian Gulf countries as a threat to their security, and by that, it has managed to convince these monarchies to buy weapons, buy defense systems, and make so-called security pacts with the United States.  There are many examples when these myths have been shattered, but I think the current war, which is going to be a turning point in the history of not only the region but also the entire world and the history of the US as a hegemon and as an imperialist power, is showing a different page of history where this myth is. Shattered and challenged in a lot of easier way.  So, hosting US military facilities or occupation bases have been sold as protection, but in practice, it can transform Persian Gulf states or regimes from protected partners into exposed forward position or high-value targets in any confrontation with Iran.  I mean, currently it's about Iran, but it could be any other country that the US desires to launch an attack on, and then wants to, if they are suffering enough, wants to respond to those attacks.  Next slide. So this protection has actually turned into exposure.  The central claim that these bases can bring about protection is blunt because US bases do not simply deter conflict.  They also import conflict.  A conflict that is outside of these countries becomes part of those countries.  So by embedding Persian Gulf states into Washington's military architecture, these facilities. Kind of narrow down the diplomatic maneuver, and they're actually inviting retaliation and making infrastructure vulnerable to spillover of the war.  The promised shield in. I mean, in form of security guarantees and rapid response and deterrence actually becomes bull's eyes because these fixed military facilities or other US assets and interests also is really assets and interests become visible targets, especially when the you know the military structure of Iran uses missiles and drones warfare rather than you know fighter jets, etc.  And they become Iran has produced and can continue producing thousands of drones and which are very affordable to make, but also very easy. You know, to use and bypass security and defense systems, so they actually become the target of those missiles and drone warfare. s The host states also lose their autonomy; they lose their sovereignty because. Naturally, by hosting U.  S.  Military bases, they become tied to U.  S.  Escalation choices.  They do not have a choice which country to engage with.  It is the U.  S.  That decides and they have to go along with it.  Next slide. So the Persian Gulf states host, as we all know, a dense network of U.  S.  Occupation facilities.  We have Al Udeid in Qatar, NSA in Bahrain, also the Fifth Fleet in Bahrain.  There are installations in Kuwait, UAE, Saudi Arabia, and related logistic nodes.  These bases and assets are framed as deterrents against Iran, yet their geography places these host societies beyond or beside command centers, and they become runaways, ports, radar systems, and fuel depots.  Precisely these assets become the target of Iran's response to the initial attacks, because as we said. Um, like these air spaces and assets have been used in order to launch attacks on Iran.  Next slide.  So what we're actually seeing is that these regimes move from deterrence to being target of retaliation.  US occupation facilities have endured more than 170 attacks, and the damages sustained by the United States are far more than initially acknowledged, like the new data that is coming out, which still we have to wait until actual and total data on the damages that the US has sustained come will come by.  And we know how there is censorship and they do not allow people, like people are being arrested.  Even Western citizens have been arrested in UAE, in Kuwait, in other places because of filming the aftermath of Iran's responses.  So. We don't know the exact numbers, but at least more than one hundred and seventy attacks have been launched on these bases.  And the pattern definitely is not accidental, because foreign bases operate as tripwires and they convert these so-called allies. Who have been complicit in the killings of Iranian civilians into legitimate targets, and no matter how much they deny that they have done so, the evidence is very clear.  And I mean, Iran knows which bases and which you know, air spaces have been used in order to, for example, attack certain bases, and it's very clear that. By becoming a so-called ally of the United States, which I believe the United States, as an imperialist power, does not really have allies, it's mostly slaves and minions that are serving the interests of the US imperialist power.  Next slide. There are, as I said, many different attacks.  The examples include the attacks on or Iran's response on Al-Obeid in Qatar, the Fifth Fleet in Bahrain, Prince Sultan Saudi Arabia's base, and many of these radars that the United States had bragged about being, you know, sort of invincible and creating this image of being invincible and impossible to attack have become sources of vulnerability for these. You know, family monarchies in the region.  There are many studies, I mean, there are studies about this.  I mean, this is a new development, so we have to wait until we can find more sources on what exactly has been happening, but. The core finding of all these studies is that US facilities create an illusion of reassurance for the elites, for the, for those in power, and they also create. Like retaliatory targets, they eliminate neutrality because by becoming a partner in crime of the US crimes, naturally they cannot claim that they are neutral and they have not taken aside because by hosting those military bases, they actually have taken aside already against Iran.  And so this exposes this hosting regimes to military blowback.  There are studies also, for example, which had house analysis that identifies. A flawed bargain.  So these Persian Gulf regimes are trading their sovereignty and flexibility for a security umbrella that asymmetric threats can easily bypass.  So when Iranian drones and missiles started attacking US targets, the US. Could barely defend itself against attacks, so it definitely will not go out of its way to protect the hosting countries.  And that's one of the complaints that these regimes have had, that the US sort of has abandoned us and is not doing anything to protect us against Iran's attacks.  And because of these security pacts, they do not have the sovereignty or the military capability to defend themselves.  So the structure of the base bargain has been that, you know, there is this strategic inversion.  What appears as insurance can function as a liability when the country targeted by the US strikes the infrastructure that enables these US operations.  So the direct attacks cause massive costs and losses on these hosting regimes. And the question of whether or not having pacts with the US will save us. I mean, becomes a debate within the society.  Next slide.  Maybe Sateri, if you can start wrapping up your comments, that would be great.  Thanks.  Sure, sure.  I have.  Yeah, okay.  So the slogan, "A pact with the US will save you, " is now already sort of shattered, and these bases have become actually massive bull's eyes, and they have actually formulated a problem for the region where the host governments cannot de-escalate independently, and they are actually hosting and facilitating escalation against other suffering nations in the region.  Next slide, please. I think the foundation for all of what is happening, I mean, what we have been discussing, in order to also wrap up, we have published an article with Christopher Weaver just right after the 12-day war, where we observed how there is this orientalist depiction of Iran in order to, you know, show Iran as an irrational actor, and because of this irrationality, it's always posing a threat to the United States, to the Zionist entity, to the, you know, states in the Persian Gulf, when in fact, these are all serving, this orientalist trope are in the service of the imperialist depiction and narrative of Iran in order to convince the same. The countries in the same region to buy this pact and become complicit and partner to US crimes in the region.  On the other side of the orientalist depiction of Iran is a hyperreal enemy, an enemy who cannot be defeated, who is invincible, and if you have a pact with it, it definitely will save you.  When in fact, that's exactly the other end of the same spectrum of a narrative war in order to convince the hosting regimes to become partner in US crimes.  So as a conclusion, we can say that security requires distance from the imperialist power, not dependency on the imperialist power.  You can click on this next slide, which is. Last slide.  So US bases are actually importing war to the region, and the myth of deterrence is obscuring the vulnerability that these bases are bringing.  And neutrality is. Cannot happen when you are hosting the imperialist powers' bases and assets, allowing them to use it against another nation.  And the question always is who benefits from the base architecture and who absorbs the consequences.  When we can answer that question, then it's clear who actually benefits from any pact with the United States.  Thank you. Thank you very much, Hizbullah.  This is an impressive, I think, presentation.  You're living under a siege, but I think at the same time we have seen the resistance of Iran as really the frontline of resistance against US imperialism and really unmasking this whole idea of this 800 military bases, the US military bases around the world being anything that helps the peoples that host them.  So thank you very much for that presentation. And I'm going to go next to our next speaker, who is Keiko Yonaha, who is a co-representative of No More Battle of Okinawa and Okinawa's Voice.  And of course, I had a chance to meet her and got to see her and other comrades in the grassroots movements that have been, for decades, literally resisting U.  S.  Bases, standing in front of the bases on a daily basis to organize against that military occupation.  Okinawa is just 0.  6% of Japan's territory, but hosts 70% of all the U.  S.  Bases and military facilities of Japan.  So please take it away, Keiko-san. Okay. Can you see?  It's perfect.  Okay.  Thank you very much.  Oh, sorry. Okay, thank you very much for your introduction.  And let me start my presentation.  Presentation title is Okinawa's Post-War History: U.  S.  Military Occupation and Remilitarization of Japan.  And I'll present the post-war history of Okinawa briefly.  And Okinawa is located between mainland Japan and Taiwan.  It consists of the islands of Okinawa, Miyako, and Yaeyama. As you can see, comparing with Taiwan, Okinawa main land of Okinawa Island is so small where I'm living.  And Okinawa was the only place in Japan where a ground war was fought in the Pacific Theater of the World War II.  The Battle of Okinawa began with a fierce naval bombardment by battleships surrounding the island, dubbed the Iron Typhoon.  The battle resulted in one out of three or four Okinawans being killed in the war.  And with the peace treaty in 1951, the two secret pacts were concluded.  One is the base right, which allows the US to maintain military bases anywhere in Japan.  The other, the command authority, under which in the event of a crisis, the Japanese SDF would be. Under the control of the U. S.  military, and as you know, in Article Three of the peace treaty, Okinawa was put under the U. S.  military occupation. And forced land seizure for U. S.  military bases started in already in 1950, before the peace treaty was concluded.  People resisted it in many places in Okinawa.  However, they were forced to be driven from their homes by bayonets and bulldozers.  Some of them were forced to relocate to Borye. And Okinawa under U. S.  military occupation, U. S.  military bases were given priority, under extraterritoriality, and fundamental human rights was disregarded.  As you can see here, most U. S.  military offenders were acquitted, even convicted criminals. Can flee to the US.  So Okinawa is in the situation without fundamental human right.  And the reason Okinawan teachers took the lead in the movement for reversion to Japan was that they were driven by a strong desire to rebuild education above all for the sake of the children.  So there were three expectations for the return to Japan: education recovery, the benefit of the peace constitution, and peace without US military bases.  However, Okinawa's voices were not heard. And as you see here, the hope that Okinawa would become a peaceful island free of military bases has not been realized.  Currently, as you know, thinks that 70% of U.  S.  Military facilities in Japan are concentrated in Okinawa, which accounts for only 0.  6% of Japan's total land area.  As of 1953, U.  S.  Troops were stationed in mainland Japan at a ratio of 89% to 11% in Okinawa. However, as of 1959, the proportion of U.  S.  Military facilities became at 62% in mainland Japan and 38% in Okinawa.  Okinawa.  It is because of the anti-military base movement in mainland Japan that the U.  S.  Bases were removed to Okinawa under U.  S.  Occupation, which has no voice, you know, no power to resist it. And here, if this is calculated as density, it means that the U.  S.  Military bases are concentrated in Okinawa at a density 386 times that of the rest of Japan.  386 times. And the constant roar of U.  S.  military aircraft is now spreading across the entire island.  PFAS contamination in drinking water in Okinawa continues to threaten our mental and physical health.  However, efforts to access the base for investigation are not permitted under the Japan-U.  S.  Status of Forces Agreement. And these places, we have U. S.  military bases, and these areas they are suffering from the noise pollution, and also PFAS contamination. And in that, sorry, Okinawan women act against military violence, updated their report on sexual assaults, the most serious military crimes, from 1945 to 2024.  And just you know, a week ago, we paid tribute to a 20-year-old woman who was, you know, raped and killed on April 24th in 2016.  And it's surprising if you read this.  In 1945, a five-year-old girl was raped, killed, and dumped. You know, and here, nineteen forty nine, a nine months old baby was raped and killed.  And nineteen ninety six, a fifth grader was raped by three US soldiers, and it kind you know, made the starting point to you know return the. In Ginowan's, you know, of Tenma Air Base.  However, now at present, it is clear that it was not, it is not, it will not be, you know, returned, even though the new military base is constructing, is constructing up in the northern part of Okinawa at the same time.  And here. And in that kind of circumstance, the most shocking news came in on December 24th, 2021, that Okinawa will be the front line of the war triggered by a Taiwan contingency, because it's from the U.  S.  And Japan government to Okinawa. And in EABO, Expeditionary Advanced Base Operation, in the bilateral operation planning of the SDF and the US military, it is the Okinawan residents who receive the counterattack.  We had already, you know, learned that the military did not protect the residents during the Battle of Okinawa.  So that kind of, you know, history will be repeated if, you know, we have such a kind of, you know, approaching war. And in the two plus two documents, it was decided to increase the joint use of the bases by the US military and SDF.  It was under the administration of Kishi. And why is the U.  S.  Able to Predict Taiwan Contingency?  As you already know, the term Taiwan contingency first appeared when former commander of the U.  S.  Indo-Pacific Command, Philip Davidson, said a Taiwan contingency involving China will occur within six years, without any specific evidence or facts.  Mr.  Okada Takashi, a journalist, pointed out that U.  S.  Policy towards Taiwan is strikingly similar to its policy towards Ukraine before the war broke out. Here you can see.  And Mr.  Konishi Makoto, our military expert, noted that you will read Taiwan contingency links to the US military. Military buildup against China aimed at hegemonic rivalry, in U. S.  national defense strategy issued in twenty twenty two. And as I said, oh, this is about bilateral defense planning, as I already mentioned EBO.  And the, you know, even though the Japanese government, you know, hypes up the China threat, it is the US, Japan, and some European countries that repeat their joint exercise every year near China and North Korea, and the size is expanding.  As you can see here, from 2021 to 2025, it is getting nationwidely exercise, including mainland Japan. And even, you know, Japan and I mean the SDF and US talked about using nuclear war weapons in the diagram exercise.  So you can see that reality is the militaries of Japan, the US and Europe continue to pose a threat to China. So there are questions and opinions.  Is Taiwan contingency a Japanese contingency?  Okay, the first and most important question raised regarding the issue of a Taiwan contingency is a legal one.  Prime Minister Abe's statement reflects the view that Taiwan contingency is a Japanese contingency.  However, given that both Japan and the United States recognize the one China principle internationally and acknowledge that Taiwan is Chinese territory, a Taiwan contingency cannot constitute a Japanese contingency, I think.  The next question is the Japanese government, having approved the possession of capabilities to attack enemy bases, has shifted its stance from defense to. One permitting pre-emptive, and. And pittative strike.  So it is a violation of the peace construction. So there are, you know, opinions against each other.  Who is trying to make it?  China base is China's threat theory, and US based on US proxy war.  And we have to kind of, you know, deal with the deterrence theory, still kind of rooted in Okinawan people. And also, there are people who believe that the U. S.  military will help in the crisis of Japan.  I doubt it, because we have already seen in Ukrainian war, and we if you know, because Japan is not a member of NATO, it is impossible.  And so. The current situation of Japan is the outcome of having violated the public's right to know by secret pacts with benefit of the party.  Therefore, I assume that without a change of the right-wing type of LDP administration, war is inevitable. Keiko, would you mind maybe wrapping up?  Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.  So, all right, we'll finish in a minute.  And we Okinawans have been resisting everything connected with war and making efforts to seek peace without military bases.  So this is picture shows the resistance in Okinawa under US military occupation. And this one, resistance against the Japanese government after 1972, no military base, never give up.  And resistance against making the new war approaching Okinawa and Japan started here in 2022.  And resistance against making Okinawa a battlefield again. From 2021 to 2023, we had a dialogue project to understand each other across party lines to reach to our common goal of no war.  And this is the contents of the second Okinawa-Taiwan Dialogue Symposium. So we believe in the power of the people seeking peace.  We should remember that two large anti-war lobbies defeated madmen's plan to expand the war and use nuclear weapons in the Vietnam War.  So thank you very much for listening. Thank you very much, Kiko-san.  I think this is a very important reminder of a long history of resistance against U.  S.  Military bases, because in Okinawa, a base is not a singular place.  It's actually the occupation of everyday life, and you're basically encircled by bases.  So I think it's really important to highlight this, and I think you made a great segue to our next speaker, who is speaking to us from Taiwan. Professor Chen Meixian is from the Cheng Kung University, the National University of Taiwan, who's a professor from the Department of Public Health, and also an activist rooted in the Baodao movement, which has been challenging U. S.  militarism and hegemony in East Asia for some time.  And so she'll speak on U. S.  military and ideological control and the resistance movement in Taiwan, China.  So please go ahead. Okay, thank you.  Can people see my slides?  That's great.  Is it clear?  Okay, well, thank you for the introduction, Tians.  And also it is very interesting that Keiko, you talk about Taiwan.  In fact, you mentioned the dialogue, you know, in Okinawa and the. And the participant, one of them is our board of directors, so we know him very well, Richard Bang.  He participated, and I think the reason we have all of this dialogue is because we have similar experiences. So I'm going to talk about Taiwan, but as an example.  So the topic of my talk is U.  S.  Military and ideological.  I think this is very important.  I want to raise people's attention to that ideological control in Taiwan, China. And its impact on cross-strait relations, you can see it from the map here that this is let's say this is Taiwan, and this is mainland China. And this is Taiwan Strait, and because of the US military intervention or ideological control, Taiwan Strait had been in great trouble. You know, in last many decades, and I'm going to talk about the reasons behind that.  You know.  Once we know these reasons or know the background, then I think we will have a very different point of view about the U.  S.  Military and ideological control.  I won't spend much time in this first. First, let's see.  First slide, everybody knows that U.  S.  Military intervention or the bases is everywhere in the world.  And we know that the numbers, 750 to 800 U.  S.  Military bases in 80 countries or areas.  Taiwan is just one of them. I'm going to talk about Taiwan as part of China.  To start with the whole story of the US intervention, I want to first talk about Taiwan.  Most of the people do not know enough about Taiwan.  Taiwan is part of China. Okay, and in fact, although we see here there's Taiwan Strait, but about thirty thousand years ago, these two places, Taiwan and mainland China, are connected with the land bridge. Okay, and the people in Taiwan, the indigenous people, mostly are from mainland China.  Okay, particularly because there's a land bridge, people can, Chinese people can walk across and go to Taiwan.  And also Chinese state activities in Taiwan has been occurring, you know, since 1800 years ago. And the migration of the Chinese Han Chinese people from the mainland, this mainland started from 900 years ago.  And since then, during these dynasties, Song, Yuan, Ming, Qing, there have been continuous migration of the Chinese people to Taiwan.  And so Taiwan now is 96% of the population in Taiwan is Han Chinese people.  My ancestry is from Guangdong, you know, one of the provinces, and 300 years ago.  And Taiwan from 1684 to 1885 is part of Fujian province.  This is Fujian province.  And now Taiwan is a province of China itself is a province since 19. Eighty-five. But this connection, you know, these two places, the connection for thousands of years was interrupted or disconnected three times due to imperialist invasion or occupation of Taiwan.  One, sixteen twenty four to sixteen sixty two, Dutch colonization, thirty five, thirty eight years.  Eighteen ninety five to nineteen forty five, Japanese colonization, fifty years.  And then from nineteen fifty to present. Is the US military and ideological control, which I consider is a type of colonization, and this is like many decades, almost no ending. So I will talk a little bit about 1950 to 1970, where we have in Taiwan we have military and ideological control from the US.  1945, the World War II and Japanese colonization ended, so Taiwan was reconnected with the mainland China, but only briefly. In 1945 to 50, US imperialism intervened in the CCP and KMT civil war, and US supported KMT militarily, financial or other resources.  And in 1949, KMT was defeated by CCP. And then KMT retreated to Taiwan.  Since then, Taiwan Strait has. Been in troubled waters.  So in 1950, Korean War happened.  There was a Korean War.  And from that war, the US realized that China is strong enough to influence other areas.  So the US, to prevent the expansion of PRC's influence, US included Taiwan in the containment strategy. So Taiwan is incorporated into the US-led Far East anti-communist, anti-Chinese Cold War frontline.  Everybody knows the Four Tigers.  That's for the containment strategy. So during this period of time, it's the Cold War period.  The US established a military base in Taiwan.  1950, US sent Seventh Fleet to Taiwan Strait. 1954, the two places, the ROC and US, developed or established their mutual defense treaty.  So all of this is very clear US intervention in China's internal affairs.  And the US used economic assistance or ideological control to control Taiwan.  And Taiwan, with this US support, Taiwan also was under martial. Martial law for forty years, and under White Taylor, yeah.  There is a lot of sad stories about this period of time, but I didn't have much time.  I only show this picture.  This shows that during the nineteen fifty. Fifties and sixties, many people who wanted patriots, who wanted to do things for Taiwan and for China, they were killed by KMT with the support of the US government.  So this is the mass graveyard of the people who were killed and you know is unmarked.  People do not know who they are and they're just under the ground.  So this is just one picture to show you the, since I have limited time.  So what do I mean by ideological control? Okay, in Taiwan, US has systematic ideological propaganda machine, with the Taiwan's educational system, media, other propaganda machine, and also US will support the young people to study abroad, mostly to the US.  I am one example.  I went to Hawaii East West Center because of the US fellowship.  And it's a very systematic training of pro-American elites. Fellowship foundations or Asian foundation.  Okay, and the main theme of the ideological control is anti-communist, liberalism, modernization theory, in universal values, individual freedom, human rights, Western democracy, anti-Chinese, pro-America. So the consequences of ideological control is Taiwan's mainstream ideology is pro-American, admire America, anti-communist, anti-China.  Okay, so that's the consequence of the ideological control.  So I have, since I have limited time, I just a few pictures to show you.  This is the US military base from 1950 to 1979, and you see, you know, these are number of the troop. In Taiwan, the US military base.  And this is this person, this is Chiang Kai-shek, who is a dictator and who is the leader of KMT, who controlled Taiwan after KMT retreated to Taiwan.  And this is the commander of the seventh fleet and the advisory group and so and so.  And this is again, you can see that this is the leader, Chiang Kai-shek, the dictator, and the military troops, you know, have the picture.  He went to see all these US troops. Yeah.  So this is from 1950 to 1979, but in 1979, big events happened, which have a lot of impact on Taiwan situation.  That is, there's a diplomatic relation between PRC and USA. And the condition for the PRC for the establishment of the diplomatic relation is first sever diplomatic relations with ROC, Republic of China, led by Chiang Kai Shek or Taiwan, and this is nineteen seventy nine. And also, another condition is to withdraw troops, and this withdrawal of troops is completed by nineteen seventy nine, and then terminate the treaty.  You know, I mentioned the treaty between ROC and under the US, and it was terminated in nineteen eighty.  But I wanted to emphasize, the withdrawal of the troops. Does not mean less evil than ideological control.  The ideological control is the most evil because it affects every single person in Taiwan.  So. After 1979, even though the PRC and the US established the diplomatic relation, but the US control of Taiwan, the US would not give up.  Okay, so in 1979, US developed a Taiwan Relations Act. Right in nineteen seventy one, right after the establishment of the diplomatic relations, okay, and starting from that, even though there is no military basis, but this continuous arms sale it continued.  If you can look at this is public data, you can look at Google. Every single US president would sell arms to Taiwan, okay.  And the most recent one in Taiwan, I mean, we are still in this controversy.  Four hundred billion US dollars, the US government forced Taiwan to buy this arms sale, okay.  So, and another thing is the US still. Send troops or, you know, people to the US troops to train Taiwan's troop, okay?  And the ideological control still continue, okay?  And this. This is my last, you know, since I have limited the time.  So actually, I wanted to talk about the resistant movement in Taiwan.  I myself have been involved in the resistant movement for the past half century. Yeah, but I didn't have much time.  And next time I can talk more about our resistant movement.  And this picture I wanted to show is it is a society we call the China War of Resistance Against Japan Historical Truth Preservation Society.  You know, Japan, I'm talking about the government, Japan. Had been not recognizing or admitting that Japan caused a lot of slaughter in China, including Taiwan.  Okay, thirty-five hundred million people, Chinese people, were killed. Were died because of this Second World War, the US invasion, and still the people in Japan or particularly the government would not admit whatever they have done to the Chinese people.  So that's why we have this association, you know, as I said, China. War of Resistance Against Japan Historical Truth Preservation Society, and it was last last month.  We have a group of people, about twenty people, from this society, went to Japan to protest to the Japanese government. Telling them that you should really admit and you should, you know, you should take the lessons and not to do it anymore.  But you know, from Keiko's presentation, we know that Japan actually is the other way around.  It continued doing it.  So this is the people who went to Japan to protest.  And I want to mention to everybody that the president of the society is Zhong Huimin, is this person.  He is in the audience.  And also Secretary General Professor Guan is. Is the secretary general.  They were interested in our talk, so they say that they want to participate as audience, and also they have been doing a lot of work as like resistant movement to the US and also Japan.  You know, everybody knows Japan is very much supported by the USA.  They collude, you know, with each other.  So this is all my talk and thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you very much, Professor Chen, and also welcome to all the guests who are with us.  Over 100 people in the webinar today.  I'm going to pass on the floor to our next speaker, Corazon Valdes-Fabros, who is the co-president of the International Peace Bureau and a core member of the Asia Europe People's Forum Thematic Circle on Peace and Security, as well as a member of the steering committee of the Dismantle Military Industrial Complex Network.  Also another veteran in the long struggle, decades in the forefront of the struggles against U.  S.  Military expansion in the Philippines and of course around the world.  So please go ahead, Corazon. Thank you so much, things, and I appreciate that I am speaking after the four presenters coming from countries where, you know, the Philippines have different relations over many decades.  In particular, I would say that for Vietnam, really Luna, thank you so much for giving us a sense about where and. And Vietnam has been, I would like to say that much of my political orientation have, you know, been during the Vietnam War.  And I think I owe it to that country to have learned. Deeply, how the U. S.  bases in the Philippines then have become instruments and big contributors to the war in Vietnam during the seventies.  And of course, Okinawa, you know, also always an inspiration.  I think about it. For many decades.  So at this point, I think I'd like to greet all of you, fellow comrades and friends from different parts of our region and beyond. We gather today under a banner that is both a demand and a necessity.  And I know I appreciate we have a title which says Hands Off Asia.  And I think this is not only a long time call, but it's especially now a very timely call that we need to pursue.  As we speak, you know, from. April 20 to May 8 this year, our archipelago, the Philippines, is vibrating with the machinery of destruction.  We are currently witnessing Balikatan 2026.  Balikatan means shoulder to shoulder.  That's the meaning.  That's a term in Filipino.  This is the largest war games. In our history, it has never happened.  We have at the moment seventeen thousand troops, foreign troops coming from the US, from Japan, Okinawa, Australia, you know, well, seven nations, some of them are part of the NATO forces. And so it's been, you know, disheartening to see, you know, the return of, you know, the U. S.  troops to the Philippines, despite our long-term struggle and the constitutional provision against foreign military bases in our country. So as I said, you know, in different parts of the Philippines, we are an archipelago, and the northernmost part is bounded by. By the Taiwan Strait, so my our friend from Taiwan, is actually a neighbor for the Philippines, and a massive fuel depot looms over the southern Philippines.  On the other end, of the archipelago, is also a place where an ammunition, an oil depot is being built, and an ammunition hub has been carved into Subi.  The. The former U. S.  naval base in the Philippines today.  So the proponents of these games call this defense, but for ordinary Filipinos like me, it feels like something much more sinister. Our towns and communities are being turned into a forward tripwire state.  I heard one of our speakers mentioned about tripwire, you know, situation.  I think you would know what it means.  And we are being positioned as the first line of fire in a conflict we did not choose. Acting as a shield for a superpower's interest, while our own people are left exposed to the fallout.  To understand the threat to regional peace, we must be.  We must look at the numbers, actually.  And according to the SIPRI, which recently released military spending report of 2025. Has reached an unprecedented amount of 2.8 trillion US dollars, almost 3 trillion now.  To understand the threat to regional peace, we must look at the numbers. So that's one point that's very important to note.  So let me sink in, let that, you know, thought sink in to each one of us.  And to say that nearly three trillion dollars funneled into weapons of death. I call it weapons of death, actually because it is what it is, weapons of death.  While the world grapples with pervasive hunger and escalating climate crisis, the United States alone, as you can see, contributed a colossal 954 billion US dollars, one third of the entire planet's war budget. So even if we put together the amount of military spending of the other top spenders, it would not even equal that of the budget for military of the United States. Uh, where am I?  Okay. Okay, the International Peace Bureau and the Global Campaign on Military Spending remind us of the fundamental truth: every peso or dollar squandered on war is a direct theft. From the people's fundamental right to survival.  This is the war economy.  The US has a war economy.  It is an economy that prioritizes the interoperability of missiles over the interoperability of our healthcare system.  It is a system that finds billions for joint operations, but tells us there is no money. For classrooms, no money for teachers, and no money for hospital beds, unfortunately.  So the war economy. I'm lost.  I'm always lost.  Sorry. Okay.  Um. Is not a distant concept.  Its impact resonates profoundly at our kitchen tables.  So as of March 2026, inflation in the Philippines stands at 4.1 percent. Our people are struggling to survive as fuel costs really gone up and rice, our basic staple hovers at a staggering 60 to 70 pesos per kilo. Why are we paying these prices, by the way?  Because militarism and peace are inextricably linked to our livelihoods.  Unfortunately, the Philippine government have seen its priorities in modernizing the Philippine military. In the West Asia conflict ignited by U. S.- Israel strikes on Iran, it has led to the closure of Strait of Hormuz, and the consequence for us in the Philippines, both in terms of our economy as well as the survival of the almost 2 million. Overseas Filipino workers that are currently finding jobs in the West, in West Asia, different parts of the Middle East.  Perhaps the most insidious expansion of U. S.  militarism is not found on a naval base. But in the high-tech zones of central region of the Philippines, we are being sold a vision called Pax Siliconica.  I don't know if you've heard of this.  It's all over in the news.  It is peace through silicon and high-tech supremacy. But let us be clear.  I think we need to understand this.  This is not innovation.  We are trying to unravel this as much as we can before the Filipino public, because it is occupation dressed up as progress. And it covers about four thousand acres of land, which is going to be occupied by the United States high-tech manufacturing zone, and it has been carved out of our land.  And many of these lands belong to the indigenous peoples of that region. It is a colonial enclave, I would say, granted diplomatic immunity just like what was granted to them when the Visiting Forces Agreement was signed.  And it is governed by U.  S.  Common law for up to 99 years and renewable thereafter.  Within these walls, companies like Intel, Micron, Lockheed Martin. And applied materials operate.  These are not just tech companies.  Lockheed Martin is the world's largest defense contractor today, the architect of the fighter jets and missile defense systems currently being tested in our seas during the Balikatan exercise. This zone is designed to exploit our critical minerals and semiconductors to feed the U. S.  war supply chain.  It reduces, of course, our workers and our communities to hostage of militarized technology, and also taking advantage of cheap labor of Philippine workers. True peace is not found in silicon chips, no, or foreign-controlled zones.  It is found in dignity of human, human dignity, in sovereignty, and in the ability of a nation to use its own resources for the care of its people.  It's been our call, and I think many of you also feel the same way. This expansion is a direct threat to the stability of Asia and beyond, I guess.  In the West Philippine Sea, which is what China calls South China Sea, we see U. S.  and Chinese warships engaged in a dangerous standoff. By allowing the U. S.  to build fuel depots, ammunition hubs, and Paxilica enclaves, the Philippines is being pulled deeper into a perilous great power rivalry, which we don't want to happen. We are told we need this presence for security, but true security is not missiles.  It is food on the table.  It is roof over our head and communities that thrive in peace.  With many, in many areas, especially in southern part of the Philippines, have long been suffering because not only of poverty, but internal and external conflict. By becoming a tripwire, the Philippines is not preventing war. We are making the Philippines the inevitable battlefield for one.  So the Stop the War Coalition Philippines and of course the International Peace Bureau stand united in our demands.  And this is our call to cut military budgets now and redirect the trillions to health care, education, and climate resilience. Second, stop the war on our livelihood.  Suspend fuel and excise taxes.  These are the calls during our campaigns here in the Philippines.  Of course, the very recent development that refers to PacSilica, we want that rejected. We also call for the abrogation of unequal military agreements and dismantle the military foreign military bases and hubs in the Philippines, which are getting more and more, more and more, and getting bigger and bigger every year. It is a world where the brilliance it should be, you know, comrades, I would say, the hands of Asia campaign, and that's my understanding, is more than a protest.  It is a vision of a different world. It is a world where the brilliance of our scientists is used for renewable energy, not missile guidance, where the labor of our workers builds schools, not ammunition hubs. We are not definitely a tripwire, and we would like to emphasize that and continue to struggle and fight that the Philippines should be able to maintain the requirements of its constitution against the presence of foreign military bases. So let us invest in justice, not war.  Let us invest in sustainability, not silicon supremacy, which is happening these days.  And let us reclaim our land, our seas, and our future.  Build international solidarity amongst peoples and movements with you, comrades and friends. We would like to say hands off the Philippines, hands off Asia, and invest in people, not war.  Thank you so much.  Thank you, Korazon, dear comrade.  I mean, I think that was the message we are hoping that the anti-war message, anti-militarism message is also around pro-people message.  So thank you very much for that intervention.  And going to our last but not least speaker based in Seoul in South Korea, which is Chong-woon Hwang, who is the general secretary of the International Strategy Center, which also forms part of the IPA.  And the ISC has been building international solidarity and trying to build a critical analysis on this new cold war and how it impacts the Korean Peninsula.  And so please take it away, Chong-woon. Hi everyone.  Thank you.  Thanks for the introduction.  And everyone can see the slides, right? Okay, I'm Chang An Hwang, and I'm general secretary of the ISC called International Strategy Center.  And it's an organization that opposes capitalism and imperialism based on social movement in Korea.  We identify, promote, and support both domestic and international struggle as well as alternative models. Today I will present on U. S.  military bases and the new Cold War architecture on the Korean Peninsula.  Since I'm the last speaker and it's already, we have used enough time, and I'll take out some parts that other speakers already. Spoke so, so I'm going to start with a quick overview of the U.  S.  Forces in South Korea.  The U.  S.  Military has been stationed in South Korea since 1945, following the end of the World War II and Korea's liberation from Japanese rule, initially as an occupying force.  After the Korean War armistice in 1953, this presence was formalized through the Korea-U.  S.  Mutual Defense Treaty. And later in 1966, the Status of Forces Agreement, so-called SOFA, was signed, and this agreement defines the legal status of U.  S.  Forces in Korea and regulates the use of military facility and land.  And today, approximately 28, 500 U.  S.  Troops are stationed in South Korea.  The land located for U.  S.  Military use total about 95. Million square meters.  To give you a sense of scale, that is roughly the size equivalent to more than 13, 000 soccer fields.  And there are currently 62 U.  S.  Military bases across South Korea. And as all U. S.  military bases, we have a lot of controversy over U. S.  military presence in South Korea because there have been various incidents, including crimes such as murder cases, sexual assault, and also the environmental damage that had been throughout the presence of the currently ongoing as well.  And. Recently, the United States has increasingly emphasized the U. S.  first Korea should play a central role in its Indo-Pacific strategy.  In this context, it has even openly raised the possibility that the U. S.  troops stationed in South Korea could be involved in a conflict between China and Taiwan.  And at the same time, Washington argues that this shift is necessarily to respond to China's rapid military buildup. It's expanding regional influence and the growing military cooperation among China, Russia, and North Korea.  It's.  So it becomes a frontline of the new cold war on the Korean Peninsula.  So this approach is referred to as a modernization of Korea-U.  S.  Alliance.  From Washington's perspective, modernization is not simply about maintaining the current alliance structure.  Rather, it involves expanding the role of U.  S.  Forces Korea beyond defending South Korea to include countering China.  So under. So under this approach, South Korea would be expected to increase its defense spending, and assume primarily responsibility for its own defense.  At the same time, it would cooperate more closely with the U. S.,  Japan, and other Indo-Pacific partners. This reflects a broader shift in the U. S.  defense strategy.  The U. S.  is increasingly prioritizing homeland defense and the containment of China, especially in relation to Taiwan.  So as part of this strategy, Washington is urging allies like South Korea to significantly increase military spending and take on a greater share of responsibility.  And in fact, at a Korea-U. S.  summit last year, the Lee Jae-myung administration agreed to gradually increase defense spending to 3.5 percent of GDP. However, this modernization also involves significant risks.  If U.  S.  Demands are implemented, particularly granting greater strategic flexibility to U.  S.  Forces Korea and aligning South Korea forces with effort to counter China, South. South Korea could effectively become a forward operating base against China.  This would increase the risk of being drawn into the conflict, and at the regional level, bloc-based tensions are also likely to intensify. The divide between the US, Japan, and South Korea on the one side and China, North Korea, and Russia on the other side, that's kind of an ideology that the US tried to push on Korean Peninsula, could become more entrenched.  And this would heighten geopolitical confrontation and reduce the chances for regional stability.  Specifically for the Korean Peninsula, this trend could have serious implication because. The social movement in South Korea tried to build more inner Korean peace, reconciliation, and long-term process to reunification with North Korea, but it also harms that process as well. So finally, there is an issue of strategic dependence, as these dynamic depend South Korea could become more reliant or dependent on the US and Japan, and raising concern about reduced autonomy in its foreign and security policy. And this kind of a new cold war, ideology, and also how the US intends to use its overseas bases, can be seen in the remarks of Donald Trump and General Javier Branson. The commander of the US forces Korea, so first regarding the Trump's remarks, as all you have been known, when there was a summit between South Korea and. U. S.  last year, August, Trump said he said I'd like to do and ask them to give the U. S.  ownership of the land where the military bases, stations, so. One of the professor in South Korea explains this because although the US forces use bases in South Korea without paying rent, it's free for them to use, the land remains under Korean sovereignty. The reason that Trump said this because it creates a certain limitation on how freely U. S.  forces can operate on Korean soil.  From the U. S.  perspective, there may be attempts to find more flexible way to operate.  One idea is to grant U. S.  bases a legal status similar to embassy, with extraterritorial rights, while. While this is highly unrealistic because it needs approval from the National Assembly and which is very unlikely, but it could still be used as a leverage, for example by threatening troops withdrawal.  So this suggests that strategic flexibility for the US forces Korea is viewed by Washington as a non-negotiable red line in the alliance modernization. And the second, there's a remarks from the general Branson.  The first one he said at the symposium in Hawaii happened in Hawaii, and he says, the Korea like a fixed aircraft carrier. And in the other incident, recently he had a interview with the Japan Times, and he mentioned about the kill web, and it's a, it's a, link a military link, the military capability of South Korea, Japan, and possibly the Philippines. And this concept of a kill web aims to integrate the military capability of allied country into a single network system, and it expands the warfare beyond land, sea, and air into space, cyber, and electromagnetic domains. So Brunson argued that such a trilateral kill web is necessary to respond to threats from North Korea, China, and Russia.  However, it also reflects the development of an integrated military network aimed at countering China.  So this is also the East Up Map that the Brunson showed. Showed at some press conference, it's called the strategic triangle, and it shows how the Korea, Japan, and Philippines can be used in military alliance to check China and other North Korea and also Russia.  So. To conclude, U. S.  forces in South Korea began as an occupying force in 1945, as I mentioned earlier.  While its legal status has evolved, some characteristic of that role arguably remain still occupying forces. This can be seen in how the US uses military bases globally to maintain its strategic dominance.  In the past, US emphasized its overseas bases were the for the protection, and however, under the current Trump administration, there is more explicit intention to use these bases in line with US strategic goals. As the US pursues its global interest, US bases in South Korea may no longer function solely as a protection, but it could become a potential target as well.  So I think it applies to other countries in Asia. So in response, there is a growing need for a network for peace and opposing to war.  In South Korea since last year, an organizing committee for international people's action opposing and denouncing Trumps has been formed to. To call for active peace, peaceful action.  So in the organizing committee, there are progressive political parties, labor unions, and civil society organizations, and we're working together to raise awareness and mobilize collective actions against the US imperialism and. Military intervention.  So our goal is to build solidarity for peace and sovereignty in response to military intervention by the US.  That is why I'm so glad about the Hands Off Asia campaign.  And looking ahead, this peace-oriented network should be expanded across Asia.  And I hope that today's webinar can serve as one step that direction, and that we can continue to build connection, dialogue, and cooperation together.  So. So thank you.  Thank you very much, Chung-En, for that, and ending us on exactly the note I think we wanted to think about how we can expand and build on this Hands Off Asia as a network across the region and across the world.  So I know I want to respect everyone's time, and it's quite late in some regions in Asia.  Asia is a big continent.  And unfortunately, we won't be able to go through the questions and comments, but we're going to collect them and keep track of them because we know that today is the start of a conversation we're going to be continuing through the next months.  But I would like to give each speaker just a very short closing comment, maybe one to two minutes, and maybe reflect on one question. I mean, we've heard today from, you know, Vietnam to Iran, from Okinawa to Taiwan, Philippines, and South Korea.  It's really a picture of a region under siege, under live war, whether it's the genocide in Palestine or the war in Iran, to the remilitarization in East and Southeast Asia.  And I think people are beginning to see U.  S.  Imperialism more clearly than ever.  And so the question is, I mean, we could have chosen literally dozens of other examples in our region to have this webinar, and we will continue doing this to expand our analysis.  So I'm asking in your closing comments, what do you think we need to be doing to build the solidarity, to build this awareness, this consciousness about U.  S.  Militarism and imperialism?  And any final comments in just a brief one or two minutes from each of you.  And maybe I'll start with the order of your presentations.  We can start with Luna.  Please go ahead with your closing comments, please. 嗯。 Okay, let me get to the point of the question.  How do you, you know, what did you do to understand the US imperialism and what to do next?  The most important thing is this.  In order to understand why the US doing all of this and why the countries, especially in Asia, is doing this, we need to understand the base, the economic base of it.  Because everything is related to, it's all about the capital, it's all about the money, the natural resources.  It's the true answer of all of that.  So the most important thing is you have to go study dialectical materialism and historical materialism, not just for the being nerds and reading books.  No, it's to understand the core basic of Marxism-Leninism, to understand that why all of these countries, especially the USA, doing this to us is, and to understand to the core of it, it is all about the economic base of a country.  And from that point, you can truly see the. Two fakes of. Of U S imperialism, you can see through the lies, of the U S, like they can use like freedom and democracy, save your country, blah blah blah, but no, it's all about money.  So totally the aggression against Iran to happen.  It's not about saving a civilization whatsoever.  It's about oil and the control of the U S in the region. And in Asia, in general, too.  So it is very essential for us to see through all the curtains of lies coming from the USA, and what to do next is in this book.  In this book, okay, I'm telling you, like this is a Vietnamese curriculum of Marxism-Leninism.  It's very important. I just I am on the position the procedure of translating this whole curriculum of Marxism Leninism written by the best professor of Vietnam, and the e-book is completely free.  Just go and grab it for free on banninghouse rocks shop.  Seriously. Learning from this Vietnamese perspective, you will truly understand the two face of capitalism, the two face of US imperialism, and what to do next is how to learn about the historic mission of the working class.  It is to put down. Capitalism to end all the exploitation of capitalism.  So it is very important and essential for us to go study, read, study and talk to each other and then turn all of that into action.  Because Ho Chi Minh, the great Ho Chi Minh of Vietnam, already said that, you know, the theories always must come with the practice.  But the most important thing is step number one, you learn about the true face of capitalism and imperialism, and then from all of that, you build your plan, you build your action into having a socialist revolution in your country.  Vietnam did it, Laos did it, Cuba did it, China did it.  Now it's your turn.  Now it is your turn to do the same thing.  And until we. We all Asia get to the socialist revolution.  We all have to keep fighting.  So I think that is the core, the core answer to this question.  Thank you very much, Luna.  And to bring, of course, Uncle Ho into the picture as well.  Setareh, can you give your closing comments as well, please? Sure.  Well, to add to what Luna said about the necessity to learn about the objectives of US imperialism and why they do what they're doing or why they commit all the crimes against other nations, I also think it's very important to remember that this is the same playbook and it's been used over and over, that it's so boring and predictable what they go after.  Of course, for example, for Iran, they keep saying that, oh, Iranians are chanting death to America, or oh, it's because we want to liberate women, when in fact the animosity of the US as an imperialist power against the Iranian nation did not even start with the 1979 popular revolution.  It started well before that.  In 1953, CIA orchestrated a coup against the democratically elected Mohammad Mossadegh. Not because he was an ayatollah, not because he was chanting death to America, he was secular actually, but because he wanted to nationalize Iran's oil.  And that's exactly the reason where you can trace U.  S.  Hostilities against other nations.  But I also want to add that there's not just one response to capitalism and imperialism.  Iran, I think, is a very good example of incorporating indigenous, you know, cultural values and ideology into a very strong response to imperialism.  I think for people to understand where this resistance that we're seeing coming from Iran comes from, they should, you know, maybe learn or read about the Shia theology, which has the tenets of social justice or justice in general. And dignity as its basis and core.  Iran has made it clear that they're not going to negotiate at gunpoint.  They will fight until the last Iranian, but they will never say yes to the imperialist power.  Our main slogan is never to humiliation and that we will fight until the last Iranian, but we will never surrender to the imperialist power.  The reason Imam Khomeini, for example, called the US regime great Satan, it's not only rhetorical.  It comes from the lived experience of Iranians.  Satan is known for being deceptive, for being satanic, being evil, for breaking its promises.  We have seen how the United States attacked Iran during negotiations, how it has always breached international, you know, deals and pacts and everything.  This is exactly the file of, you know. And they resembled that.  I mean, speakers were referring to victims of US bases and troops in the region, the raping of nine months old children.  That's exactly the Epstein and Rothschild coalition that Iran is fighting against.  And I think this is when, I mean, the world is waking up and we have to raise this awareness and educate people about the different models of resistance against imperialism.  Just find your indigenous response, incorporate your own values, and there you go.  I mean, you have an example of Iran who has been under sanctions for four decades, brutal sanctions that no one can even imagine, and still we're capable of bringing the imperialist power to its knees. Thank you for those powerful words, Sateri.  I think I join many of the people who have mentioned already in the comments their solidarity and with the resistance of Iran and Iranian people, which is something that is, I think, giving us much inspiration across the world as we see U.  S.  Imperialism, you know, get to new heights.  Next we have Keiko with your closing remarks, please. Keiko, I think you're still muted. Sorry.  Thank you.  I was looking forward to joining this webinar since you know all the speakers are from the country that I'm interested in now.  And I could learn a lot from their speeches, from their presentation.  And I found that we share the kind of similar problems caused by the presence of U.  S.  Military base now.  And I kind of, you know, noticed that we have several key words here.  And Luna said, you know, why is the important question to be. To be asked, and I think you know I agree with that.  In order to the sense, see the sense of the things, and in order to you know grasp the structure of what is going on, you know. Question of why is important, I think, and also you know many speakers often use the words you know solidarity, and this word you know in order to protect this precious thing you know we have to think about you know what we should do in this region, this. This kind of common important, you know, values.  And I also, I also think, you know, it is important to dialogue, as I experienced through the dialogue, you know, project that we had.  And through that dialogue, first of all, we could understand each other.  This is the first step to build up the peace, I think.  And also. Somebody, some people also mentioned, you know, history repeat itself.  So we should learn from the history and we should think, you know, not to make another mistake, what we should do.  And that's kind of things I was thinking, you know, listening to other people's, you know, presentations.  Thank you very much.  It was a precious experience for me. Thank you very much, Keiko-san.  We'll be continuing this conversation definitely as we all learn together.  So next we have Professor Tamisha.  Could you give your final remarks, please? I think you are also muted. Oh sorry, I think it's very this seminar is very important, and I'm so glad that I had the chance to meet all the speakers, particularly Seta Rah. From Iran, I mean, we've been watching, you know, like at home, you know, we've been watching all the videos or TV or everything about Iran, and we got angry, but then I got worried also about the Iranian people.  So it was like a very good thing for me to, for us to get linked up. So that's one thing, and another thing is, we got to share our local struggle or local analysis, and we find that there are, you know, many common things, and it seems to me we need to do a lot of class analysis. You know, in each, like in Iran or in Taiwan or in China, you know, that different classes of people are impacted or influenced by all the military bases or the ideological control.  So I think this is quite important to do for us to do, particularly like Trump or you know the US or other countries, the leaders are having their own narratives, you know, which is very different from ours.  So we need to do a lot more class analysis.  And another thing more related to this class analysis, you know, I am involved in a local. Struggle and which is about protecting the island, and the island is taken by Japan with the support of the US.  So I always feel that whether the Japanese people are having the same type of thinking like I am.  But I was really very surprised when I last month I went to Tokyo and talked with the governmental officials, but also talked with the activists who are involved in the. Civil movement, and I find that my thinking are very similar to theirs.  So I think that we someone talk about solidarity, you know, solidarity between different classes of people are very important.  So I would think that we should continue this kind of analysis.  I mean, like, you know, for today, ten minutes, I can't, you know, there's limited time.  So, and I have a lot of things, like a lot of stories or a lot of work that I have done that I wanted to share.  So I mean, only one seminar is not enough.  I think we should continue having this and then building up the solidarity among us.  You know, I mean, we are from each local area.  I mean, we have a lot of work to do in each local area, but also we need to really link up. You know, all us need to link up.  So, and I do myself have the experiences of like linking up. Different, I mean, the classes, different classes, I find real solidarity.  You know, even with myself, with Japanese people, we do have the solidarity.  But with like their prime minister, you know, this, her name is Sakachi, she is really very much right wing, and her narrative is very different from my or the people who are involved in local struggle.  So I think it is very important that we talk, you know, the people who are under this situation. We need to talk.  We need to really link up.  We need to build up the solidarity.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.  This is exactly the goal of such webinars.  We'll continue doing these in the future.  Corazon? Any last comments? Well, so much has been said, and I've learned a lot today.  I would like to say that.  And you know, I appreciate the reflections that we are having.  And at the same time. What I can say is that, you know, the history teaches us so much.  And I think that, as Luna has mentioned, we need to know where we are, you know.  So that's one very important lesson I learned from my mentors, you know.  Context is very important. And also that we learn from the people, their experience, their stories, because that is where the inspiration is.  For a person like me who comes, went through a dictatorial regime in the seventies. There is so much to remember, but at the same time, there is also so much to inspire.  And I think as we go through life, that the problem does not change. It multiplies, it takes on a different image, different words, and sometimes our enemies actually use the words that we are using.  So I think it's something that we need to take by heart, to learn this transformation that's happening. Because the strategies that we adopt is dependent on a good reading and analysis of what's happening on the ground.  Also, for me, it has been really an inspiration to be able to join, you know, struggles in the front line.  And that's why I. I am deeply grateful to the friends and comrades who have been able to be part of my personal experience.  And sometimes it's not actually the, you know, inside the classroom that we learn a lot.  It could be in the pizza line. In the peace camp, and you know, in the stories that we hear from women, who have been denied of their life and capacity to be able to continue to live on. So it's a this webinar has been really truly refreshing for me.  It brings me memories of Vietnam, who as I said gave me the political awakening when I was a student in the seventies. So I hope that we can continue on.  I appreciate our friends in the International People's Assembly, who I've been privileged to be part of, you know, working together last year or last year.  Was it last year?  Oh yeah, last year.  And you know, it's sometimes webinars like these, they can. They can become boring, but if you have had experience with people at some point in your life, it stays with you.  And I think it has been truly a good experience to be able to be part of what we did in Korea, and we. Kind of really take that on and continue the connections as much as we can, so that we can build on that experience and we can build on our, you know, making our struggle stronger.  So hands of Asia. Thank you, Corazon.  I think that's a very important lesson.  You know, we hope that just like you said, Vietnam was a politicizing moment for a generation, that this moment of heightened U.  S.  Imperialism is also a politicizing moment for a new generation.  So that's an important message for us, that we cannot just look at the pessimism and the negativity of what is, the brutality of what's happening, but that we can organize a new generation.  And I'm going to pass the last words to Chongwen to close us off with the final comments, please. Okay, thank you for inviting me this wonderful seminar and good to see like familiar faces and also to see new faces here.  And I think most of us agrees and knows the nature of the US imperialism and how it impacts on our lives.  And. I think for like after the seminar, we have to like think about how can we deliver this this information, our experience to a general public.  So I think it's important to mobilize people into the street, into the events that we can talk about international solidarity.  So I think that can expand our power and. And because these days I think the international solidarity is very important to fight against the US imperialism because it explicitly shows how it can damage to the people's lives and here and there and all around the world.  So I think it's a time for us to go out and meet people and talk about what we discussed within this seminar and mobilize to them to the rallies, events and etc.  So thank you for inspiring talks and I hope to see and hope to connect in different occasion and hope to meet. People here in somewhere around the world.  Thank you all. Thank you for that.  So okay, so this comes to a wrap up.  Of course, this webinar is the beginning of a discussion.  We'll be hosting more on the Tri-Continental Asia YouTube channel.  We're trying to remember these historical dates like today as a memory and a call to action for a moment because the people. The peoples of Asia know the cost of war and peace and our liberation and independence.  And with that spirit, we want to confront the difficulties of today.  We also invite you all.  This, of course, is a webinar together with the International People's Assembly.  You can visit their website, ipa-aip.  Org.  There's lots of information about the campaign, resources, more information.  You can download the posters in many, many Asian languages.  You can print them, post them on social media, you can share with your organizations and post them in your communities.  And throughout the year, Tri-Continent Asia will be publishing different analysis, including hopefully from all of the speakers today, on the realities of U.  S.  Militarism, but more importantly, the resistance to it.  And you can find out more at the tricontinental.  Org/asia.  And I think, you know, through this hard-won, hard-earned history of Asia, I want to just bring in. A quote from Ho Chi Minh or Bac Ho to close us off, and he said that you know 60 years ago that nothing is more precious than independence and freedom.  And so for today, for all of our peoples across the global south, but especially in Asia as a hotspot of this reality, independence and freedom means independence and freedom from U. S.  military aggression and imperialism. So to close this off, I'm going to actually welcome you all who's in the webinar still.  So.  You've stayed with us for two hours.  Turn on your camera, turn on your microphone, and I want us to all go hands off Asia together after the count of three.  So feel free to do that if you'd like.  We can try it.  We can't be together in one place, but let's try to be together virtually.  So on the count of three, one, two, three, hands off Asia.  Hands off Asia. Hands Off Asia.  Hands Off Asia.  Thank you.  Hands Off Asia.  And we will all be in touch.  Stay in touch and let's make sure that Hands Off Asia is something we can build across the region, across the world.  So thank you very much and have a good night wherever you are. Thank you very much.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Bye.  Thank you so much.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you from Sri Lanka. Thank you from Argentina.  Again to wish from Sri Lanka.  Thank you, thanks.  All is very good.  Hi, hi, hi, Kamri, very happy to see you.  Thank you so much.  Hi, hi, hi, Surendra, hi, hi everyone.  Thank you so much.  All good, all good. Hopefully to see you all soon next month or like a couple of months, this will be a regular feature.  So yeah.  All right, have a good night.  I know it's quite late in some of the regions, so please take good care and we'll be in touch soon.  I appreciate it.